Created the structure and content for Dart Strings length method (#4539)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/strings/terms/length/length.md

---
Title: 'Length'
Description: 'Returns an integer specifying the number of characters in a string.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Length'
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Properties'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.length`** property in Dart returns an integer specifying the number of characters in a string (including spaces).

## Syntax

```pseudo
String.length;
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> Here is an example of how to use `length` in Dart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the use of `.length` property:
```

```dart

> void main() {
> 
>    // Declaring a string variable called "str"
>    String str = "I love Codecademy";
>    
>    // String length
>    int codecademy = str.length;
> 
>    // Print length
>    print(codecademy);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
void main() {
  String firstString = "I love Codecademy";
  String secondString = "I love Codecademy😍";

  int lengthOfFirstString = firstString.length;
  int lengthOfSecondString = secondString.length;

  print(lengthOfFirstString);
  print(lengthOfSecondString);
}
```

```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell

> 17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17
19
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:** The emoji `😍` takes 2 UTF-16 units.

```

> ## Empty string
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The `length` of an empty string will always be zero:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example computes the length of an empty string:
```

```dart
void main() {

>    String str = "";
>    int len = str.length;
>    print(len); // Output: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   String emptyString = "";
   int lengthOfEmptyString = emptyString.length;
   print(lengthOfEmptyString);
```

}

> ```

Reviewer: Add here an output block of the above code.
